# Meeting Minutes – Velox

**Date:** 16-05-2025 
**Time:**  08:30 AM
**Location:** Merensky 2 Library (Main) Level 1 Room 1-25

## Attendees
- Zainab Abdulrasaq
- Hayley Dodkins
- Arnaud Strydom
- Palesa Thabane
- Eugen Vosloo  

**Absent:** None  

## Agenda & Discussion

### 1) Progress Update: What Everyone Has Managed to Do
- Zainab : Wireframes (web and mobile versions)
- Hayley :  Wireframes (web and mobile versions)
- Arnaud : Functional Requirements and Non- Functional Requirements
- Palesa : Partially did the use case diagram for form validation 
- Eugen : Partially did the use case diagram for user authentication


### 2) Use Cases We Are Planning on Implementing for Demo 1
- Basic search functionality 
- Switching between different languages in the UI 
- Data visualization and analytics 
Mandatory
- Registration and Login
- Basic Themes
- Form Validation

### 3) Splitting Use Cases for Demo 1
- See Action Item Table Below


### 4) Discussion Points with the Client
- The questions are on : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W6f6a5HBglPFpZKjzg1b5ru2zEfkZqnnyoeUGfJcre8/edit?tab=t.0
Admin :
- Ask for the client’s availability for meeting twice a month (ask about consultation hours)
- Record the meeting with the client 
Question :
Should each export be individualised for each user ?
Suggestion :
We should use Microservices (Having more than 1 API) architectural pattern - this also lines with the data redundancy (architectural strategies)

Basic search functionality (Hayley)
Switching between different languages in the UI (Arnaud + Palesa)
Data visualization and analytics (Eugen + Zainab)
Login and Registration (Eugen + Arnaud)
Form Validation (Palesa)

## Action Items

| Task                                          | Owner            | Deadline    | Status      |
|-----------------------------------------------|------------------|-------------|-------------|
| Search functionality                          | Hayley           | -           | Pending     |
| Data visualization & analytics                | Zainab + Eugen   | -           | Pending     |
| Switching between different languages in UI   | Palesa + Arnaud  | -           | Pending     |
| Login and Registration                        | Eugen + Arnaud   | -           | Pending     |
| Form Validation                               | Palesa           | -           | Pending     |

## Next Meeting
**When:** 17 May 2025, 20:00pm 
**Focus:** Analyzing the discussion from our client meeting.

**Minutes Submitted by:** Palesa Thabane
